move refs to their respective categories (#271)
oz123/awesome-c: README.md

  new projects. [``BSD-2-Clause``][BSD-2-Clause]
* [CMake][329] - Cross-platform family of tools designed to build, package and test
  software. [``BSD-3-Clause``][BSD-3-Clause]

> * [GNU Make][gnu-make-ref] - Tool which controls the generation of executables and other

Author: ```suggestion
* [GNU Make][util-001] - Tool which controls the generation of executables and other
```

This would be better, imo

  non-source files of a program. [``GPL-3.0-or-later``][GPL-3.0-or-later]
* [Meson][meson-ref] - Extremely fast, user-friendly build system. Based on Ninja. [``Apache-2.0``][Apache-2.0]
* [Premake][435] - Command-line utility which reads a scripted definition of a
  software project and uses it to generate project files for Visual Studio and
  GNU Make. Other targets are also being worked on. [``BSD-3-Clause``][BSD-3-Clause]
* [SCons][521] - Software construction tool using Python. [``MIT``][MIT]
* [xmake][271] - Cross-platform build utility. [``Apache-2.0``][Apache-2.0]
* [zproject][420] - Project generator and build system support tool. [``MPL-2.0``][MPL-2.0]

> [gnu-make-ref]: https://www.gnu.org/software/make/

Author: ```suggestion
[util-001]: https://www.gnu.org/software/make/
```
